Mcs topic update (#1160)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/selection.md

    <iframe id="treegrid-multi-cell-selection-iframe" src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/tree-grid/treegrid-multi-cell-selection' width="100%" height="100%" seamless frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="treegrid-multi-cell-selection-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>
}
@@if (igxName === 'IgxHierarchicalGrid') {
<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:710px">
    <iframe id="hierarchical-grid-multi-cell-selection-iframe" src='{environment:demosBaseUrl}/hierarchical-grid/hierarchical-grid-multi-cell-selection' width="100%" height="100%" seamless frameBorder="0" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="hierarchical-grid-multi-cell-selection-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>
}

#### Keyboard navigation interactions

##### While Shift key is pressed

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> to select the cell above the focused cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> to add above cell to the current selection.
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Down</kbd> to select the cell below the focused cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Down</kbd> to add below cell to the current selection.
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> to select the cell on the left of the focused cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> to add left cell to the current selection.
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> to select the cell on the right of the focused cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> to add right cell to the current selection.
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Up</kbd> to select all cells above the focused cell to the top cell in the column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Down</kbd> to select all cells below the focused cell to the bottom cell in the column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Left</kbd> to select all cells on the left of the focused cell to the first one in the row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Arrow Right</kbd> to select all cells on the right of the focused cell to the last one in the row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Home</kbd> to select all cells above and on the left of the focused cell to the first one in the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>End</kbd> to select all cells below and on the right of the focused cell to the last one in the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Select range

[`selectRange(range)`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxgridbasecomponent.html#selectrange) - Select a range of cells with the API. `rowStart` and `rowEnd` should use row indexes and `columnStart` and `columnEnd` could use column index or column data field value. 

```typescript
const range = { rowStart: 2, rowEnd: 2, columnStart: 1, columnEnd: 1 };
this.grid1.selectRange(range);
...

const range = { rowStart: 0, rowEnd: 2, columnStart: 'Name', columnEnd: 'ParentID' };
this.grid1.selectRange(range);

```

> [!NOTE] Select range is additive operation. It will not clear your previous selection.

##### Clear cell selection

[`clearCellSelection()`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxgridbasecomponent.html#clearcellselection) will clear the current cell selection.

##### Get selected data

[`getSelectedData()`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxgridbasecomponent.html#getselecteddata) will return array of the selected data in format depending on the selection. Examples below:

1. If three different single cells are selected:
```
expectedData = [
    { CompanyName: "Infragistics" },
    { Name: "Michael Langdon" },
    { ParentID: 147 }
];
```
		

> 2. If three cells from one column are selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If three cells from one column are selected:
```
